RecruitmentPolicy.md, before:


# tech404.io Recruitment Policy

####Last updated: October 19th, 2016

##Goals

* Get people jobs they can do from Atlanta, if they want jobs

* Get people gigs they can do from Atlanta, if they want gigs

* Leave people alone, in peace, if they want neither of these things: Feeling pursued when you don’t want to be is both uncomfortable and unwelcoming

##Specific Policies 

###All Jobs/Gigs Postings:

Do not post them if they cannot be done from a chair in Atlanta. Remote is fine as long as the person is in Atlanta while doing it.

Do not post generic referral links. 

Specific referral links to specific jobs/gigs are fine.

Do not recruit people in unsolicited DMs. Post publicly and let them come to you. Ask them to DM you in your posting. Talking in channel with them is fine.

###Non-recruiting topic channels (E.g. Docker, Ruby, etc):

Don't recruit there. If you're in the market for jobs or gigs, go to #jobs or #gigs, and set slack keywords if you want it to notify you.

###Recruiters: 

Do not Direct Message(DM) anyone first unless they specifically have asked for DMs **in their profile** or **in a channel** from "recruiters”, or “everybody/anybody/all opportunities“. 

You may also DM people first if they specifically invite you to DM them. 

Screenshot the permissions you were given if you want to be very safe, as we may enforce this rule without warning and ban you after one reported transgression. 

###Reporting: 

If anyone DMs you without permission, report it to an admin. **We will look into it**, but may not act immediately in a visible direction. Managing recruiting activity is a bit of an adversarial process at times, so we may not be able to be 100% transparent in what is going on to anyone.

Commit message:

Adds who #jobs and #gigs are for
There are some positions which are in the fuzzy line between temporary jobs and permanent jobs. They often do have endgames though, where the worker will be forced to take W2 employment or leave. 

This PR attempts to clarify that. 

It also clarifies a long standing complaint about remote roles.

RecruitmentPolicy.md, after:


# tech404.io Recruitment Policy

#### Last updated: October 19th, 2016

## Goals

* Get people jobs they can do from Atlanta, if they want jobs

* Get people gigs they can do from Atlanta, if they want gigs

* Leave people alone, in peace, if they want neither of these things: Feeling pursued when you don’t want to be is both uncomfortable and unwelcoming

## Specific Policies 

### All Jobs/Gigs Postings:

Do not post them if they cannot be done from a chair in Atlanta. Remote is fine as long as the person can be in Atlanta while doing it without penalty.

Do not post generic referral links. 

Specific referral links to specific jobs/gigs are fine.

Do not recruit people in unsolicited DMs. Post publicly and let them come to you. Ask them to DM you in your posting. Talking in channel with them is fine.

### Non-recruiting topic channels (E.g. Docker, Ruby, etc):

Don't recruit there. If you're in the market for jobs or gigs, go to #jobs or #gigs, and set slack keywords if you want it to notify you.

### Recruiters: 

Do not Direct Message(DM) anyone first unless they specifically have asked for DMs **in their profile** or **in a channel** from "recruiters”, or “everybody/anybody/all opportunities“. 

You may also DM people first if they specifically invite you to DM them. 

Screenshot the permissions you were given if you want to be very safe, as we may enforce this rule without warning and ban you after one reported transgression. 

### Reporting: 

If anyone DMs you without permission, report it to an admin. **We will look into it**, but may not act immediately in a visible direction. Managing recruiting activity is a bit of an adversarial process at times, so we may not be able to be 100% transparent in what is going on to anyone.

### Channel Purposes

The #jobs channel is for long-term relationships which end up with you as an employee of the company. This includes but is not limited to: contract to hire and positions for founders. This is primarily for people looking for work that can transition into a permenant role or is a perm role from the start.

The #gigs channel is for relationships where you are not a direct employee of the company. No long term, formal W2 relationship is advertised. This is primarily for people who are freelancers, and wish to remain so. This is also for people taking on work outside of their day job.
